b-team three days in a row is my
specialty how you doing everybody let me
know if you like B team three days in a
row hit that like button if you want B
team four days in a row hit the double
like but and that's not a real button
nope all right so listen guys today was
going to be a full-length episode but
things have happened um tomorrow's my
son's birthday and today we have to take
him to kind of an unexpected medical
appointment so lots of things are
getting in the way but super important
things so today we'll just be a little
bit of a surety I just want the let you
guys know that ahead of time so this
might be in the range of like five to
ten minutes we'll see but can't count
out that no problems we'll get back to
it tomorrow so first thing i want to
show talk to you guys about was it my
best friend best friend you you you you
go subscribe to pungens now if you're
not already you should be you very much
should be but he just put his hundred
thousand subscriber video up it's
hilarious it's filled with amazing video
goodness I am so happy that he has hit
that I'm so happy that he's able to go
full time on YouTube I'm so happy that
lots of the moments that he thought were
best involved me somehow it just means
that it's been awesome it's been a great
ride um it's the video is so funny you
guys got to go check it out there's tons
of great moments tons of great moments
from all of his videos so go make sure
you watch that I will I say I'm gonna
like things in the description I like no
I never do I'm gonna do it this time
though just you watch just you watch
okay so the main the main deal today is
we dressed up this tree little bit with
some rocks and stuff on the bottom but
we got a new tree we got a new tree boys
and girls look at this guy look
this bad boy he's kind of got his leg
out like hey what's up pick me up pick
me up I don't you I like this one a lot
it's very random it's you know it's got
the same feel as this tree I think but
it's using almost all of those notches I
went over and checked out some of the
trees by bdubs village and it's you know
it's this general idea where you just
use the notches to create the entire
tree makes a really cool design which I
love so what we're going to be doing
here is working on some more bigger
stuff like that from now on but also the
rock formations as you guys know I was
working on these like little custom rock
formations using the forge mug or box
and you get some really cool stuff
especially in an area that has different
colors like this most of my base is in
the volcano which doesn't really offer
too much variety but you can still get
some pretty good looking stuff like this
and this is my newest one which are
actually more like piled on top of each
other which I'm digging a lot I lava hot
lava ah actually like more on top of
each other which you got a couple of the
real dark ones back here you got this
brown little piece in there which is
really nice so it looks great I would
love to know if you guys are doing any
of this custom rock stuff let me know
custom rocks custom rocks Crocs no one's
created anything called Crocs yet though
ones created anything called Crocs yet
it it's perfect business idea so one of
the other things I wanted to do today
real briefly with you guys here is we
need our pokeballs do we have I thought
we had Safari nuts major bummer major
bummer we have him over here were they
in my under backpack yes this is the
under backpack that I still have not
emptied out from the fight with Jim this
is like all my special stuff that we
were using so give me Safari nuts Safari
nuts
firing okay so the reason I'm taking
these safari nights out so we got these
hamsters over here that have just been
doodling around for ages and there's no
point about letting them just stroll
around here we're going to put them in
the pokeballs we're gonna let them live
amazing lives in here until we know what
to do with them come on come on little
boy oh you stand out you rearing up on
your hind legs you want to fight this
you want to fight me get the get the it
work get the Hat you will be at you'll
be hammered you'll be hammered yeah I'll
be set before you got in there that was
so cute and all so sad so I'm gonna file
these away because we're gonna do
something special with these guys not
quite sure yet do they have like hamster
tubing hambone water bottle hamster ball
hamster food now I would love event like
this hamster tubes that used to run
throughout your old base but sadly they
do not all right guys so main things are
done for today like I said not too much
time gotta head out to this doctor's
appointment but hang on put it away put
it away I'm gonna figure out these tools
later on got so many micro blocks it's
driving me nuts yeah ok guys so listen
thank you much thank you much thank you
very much thank you so much for watching
this abbreviated episode of B team will
be back with more full length stuff
later on but uh links for me are down in
the description and that's it right my
head's on the right place today little
nice little nervous about this
appointment but we're gonna get it taken
care of so all right guys we will be
back later on thank you for watching and
skeleton yeah we'll end it with the keel
into it to kill that's how it happens
give me that bow I'll take that I don't
even want this bow I suppose
your legacy is dead okay see it